README.md, before:

# Lexoffice Java SDK

This project is an unofficial Java SDK for the [lexoffice Public API](https://www.lexoffice.de/funktionen/public-api/).


## Requirements


| lexoffice-java-sdk | Java | Spring Boot |
|--------------------|------|-------------|
| 2.1                | 21   | 3.4.x       |
| 2.x                | 21   | 3.3.x       |
| 1.x                | 17   | 3.1.x       |
| 0.x                | 17   | 2.7.x       |


## Usage

Include lexoffice java-sdk to your project:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>de.focus-shift.lexoffice</groupId>
    <artifactId>java-sdk</artifactId>
    <version>...</version>
</dependency>
```

```java
String apiToken = "";
LexofficeApi lexofficeApi = new LexofficeApiBuilder().apiToken(apiToken).build();
```

See FAQ [Get an API key](https://developers.lexoffice.io/docs/#faq-get-an-api-key) to generate an API key.


## Implementation Status

The following Endpoints are implemented based on lexoffice developer documentation [change-log](https://developers.lexoffice.io/docs/#change-log) of 16.08.2022.

* [x] Contacts Endpoint
* [ ] Countries Endpoint
* [ ] Credit Notes Endpoint
* [ ] Delivery Notes Endpoint
* [ ] Dunnings Endpoint
* [ ] Down Payment Invoices Endpoint
* [x] Event Subscriptions Endpoint
* [ ] Files Endpoint
* [x] Invoices Endpoint
* [ ] Order Confirmations Endpoint
* [ ] Payments Endpoint
* [ ] Payment Conditions Endpoint
* [ ] Posting Categories Endpoint
* [ ] Profile Endpoint
* [x] Quotations
* [ ] Recurring Templates Endpoint
* [x] Voucherlist Endpoint
* [ ] Vouchers Endpoint


## Reference documentation

See [lexoffice API Documentation](https://developers.lexoffice.io/docs/).


## License

Lexoffice Java SDK is Open Source software released under the [MIT license](LICENSE).


## Credits

This project is based on the work of [rocketbase-io/lexoffice-api](https://github.com/rocketbase-io/lexoffice-api) and
forked from commit [c192de26e150ff08559d91713e634fe233dc8e08](https://github.com/rocketbase-io/lexoffice-api/commit/c192de26e150ff08559d91713e634fe233dc8e08)

Commit message:

migrate to use new api endpoint
https://developers.lexware.io/docs/#change-log

27.05.2025 - Rebranding Update: The product lexoffice was renamed to
Lexware Office, the brand itself is Lexware. All instances of the
company and product name have been updated, including all urls and
domains. Please update your integrations accordingly. The new resource
url is https://api.lexware.io.

README.md, after:

# Lexoffice Java SDK

This project is an unofficial Java SDK for the [Lexware Office Public API](https://office.lexware.de/funktionen/public-api/).

Use 3.x to access the api via https://api.lexware.io instead of https://api.lexoffice.io.

## Requirements


| lexoffice-java-sdk | Java | Spring Boot |
|--------------------|------|-------------|
| 3.0                | 21   | 3.4.x       |
| 2.1                | 21   | 3.4.x       |
| 2.x                | 21   | 3.3.x       |
| 1.x                | 17   | 3.1.x       |
| 0.x                | 17   | 2.7.x       |


## Usage

Include lexoffice java-sdk to your project:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>de.focus-shift.lexoffice</groupId>
    <artifactId>java-sdk</artifactId>
    <version>...</version>
</dependency>
```

```java
String apiToken = "";
LexofficeApi lexofficeApi = new LexofficeApiBuilder().apiToken(apiToken).build();
```

See FAQ [Get an API key](https://developers.lexoffice.io/docs/#faq-get-an-api-key) to generate an API key.


## Implementation Status

The following Endpoints are implemented based on lexoffice developer documentation [change-log](https://developers.lexoffice.io/docs/#change-log) of 16.08.2022.

* [x] Contacts Endpoint
* [ ] Countries Endpoint
* [ ] Credit Notes Endpoint
* [ ] Delivery Notes Endpoint
* [ ] Dunnings Endpoint
* [ ] Down Payment Invoices Endpoint
* [x] Event Subscriptions Endpoint
* [ ] Files Endpoint
* [x] Invoices Endpoint
* [ ] Order Confirmations Endpoint
* [ ] Payments Endpoint
* [ ] Payment Conditions Endpoint
* [ ] Posting Categories Endpoint
* [ ] Profile Endpoint
* [x] Quotations
* [ ] Recurring Templates Endpoint
* [x] Voucherlist Endpoint
* [ ] Vouchers Endpoint


## Reference documentation

See [lexoffice API Documentation](https://developers.lexoffice.io/docs/).


## License

Lexoffice Java SDK is Open Source software released under the [MIT license](LICENSE).


## Credits

This project is based on the work of [rocketbase-io/lexoffice-api](https://github.com/rocketbase-io/lexoffice-api) and
forked from commit [c192de26e150ff08559d91713e634fe233dc8e08](https://github.com/rocketbase-io/lexoffice-api/commit/c192de26e150ff08559d91713e634fe233dc8e08)
